net: lib: nrf_cloud: Fix incorrect event when connecting fails (#10407)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/networking/nrf_cloud.rst

When the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_CONNECTION_POLL_THREAD` Kconfig option is enabled, an additional event, :c:enum:`NRF_CLOUD_EVT_TRANSPORT_CONNECTING`, is sent to the application.
To adjust the stack size of the connection monitoring thread, set the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_CONNECTION_POLL_THREAD_STACK_SIZE` Kconfig option.

> The status field of :c:struct:`nrf_cloud_evt` contains the connection status that is defined by :c:enumerator:`nrf_cloud_connect_result`.

Reviewer: TODO: Should this line be deleted?

> The event :c:enum:`NRF_CLOUD_EVT_TRANSPORT_CONNECT_ERROR` is sent if an error occurs in transport connection establishment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The :c:enum:`NRF_CLOUD_EVT_TRANSPORT_CONNECT_ERROR` event is sent if an error occurs while the transport connection is being established.
```
